Initial prices API documentation (#47)
spicehq/docs: reference/sql-query-tables/prices/assets.md

---
description: SQL table schema for prices.assets
---

# Asset data

All assets verified and useable within SpiceAI. 

| Column Name     | Data Type         | Description                                                         |
| --------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| asset_id        | CHARACTER VARYING | Unique identifier for the asset across SpiceAI platform             |

> | name            | CHARACTER VARYING | Human readable name of the underlying asset/token                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name            | CHARACTER VARYING | Display name of the underlying asset/token                   |
```
